chore: add drop of numpy 1.X support messaging (#8578)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Pending deprecations
--------------------

* Maintenance support of NumPy<2.0 is deprecated and will be dropped v0.45.

>   Future versions of PennyLane are not guaranteed to work with NumPy<2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  PennyLane v0.45 and beyond are not guaranteed to work with NumPy<2.0.
```
